that's an interesting timing to the gag
it's a very simple quick gag but I do
have a question for double take a
co-mingled administering fun mistake
here should this be dark yeah as the
basement should have been darker yeah
can you inch backwards me oh look at
this here's the thing look I cover the
mouse hole I cook the mouth until we're
gonna that mouse hole the that
should be dark in there that's right the
cartoon mouse hole I actually had this
fantasy vaca to be any of the show that
there was going to be a family of mice
that lived in there hmm and that we're
actually going to explore their lives
like a cat and mouse cursor hi we would
cut you got shot but that that that that
they would behave like real mice if you
feel like it wasn't gonna be like
pictures oh yeah that's you know never
got around pull right in the doorway
stop homework in the doorway and I lucky
I'm vm back a little more okay stop
right there okay Matt I've always
wondered about the shape of the Simpson
yes door it's so much echoes homers yes
not only that I didn't do this but one
of the designers did this thing where
there's crisscross some sort of design
thing on some of the walls oh yeah that
more Dina yeah the accordion thing which
leads to Homer so yeah I had her things
I have to say I haven't seen the
Mousehole appear for many years on any
of my backgrounds is somewhat gone Isis
nice to try house the mice are sealed
that I got to put the mouse hole I
always liked the mouse hole I remember
it from the Tracey Ullman days they're
there they look we're gonna look at
there you go that's what I was talking
about Homer's hair I find that very
distract is kind of an echo of this yeah
clean up that's why Helen this is an
echo of this that's also a trail yes
yeah and the picket fence outside is an
echo event